feat: add `reactRefreshHost` option to support module federation HMR (#420)
vitejs/vite-plugin-react: packages/plugin-react-swc/README.md

})
```

### reactRefreshHost

The `reactRefreshHost` option is only necessary in a module federation context. It allows HMR to work between a remote & host server. In your remote vite config you would add your host origin:

```js
react({ reactRefreshHost: 'http://localhost:3000' })
```

> Under the hood this simply updates the react refresh url from "/@react-refresh" to "http://localhost:3000/@react-refresh" allowing HMR updates to flow from your remote to your host.

Reviewer: THe HMR updates will still come from each dev server. The issue comes when there are multiple runtime
```suggestion
Under the hood this simply updates the react refresh url from "/@react-refresh" to "http://localhost:3000/@react-refresh" to ensure your get only one Fast Refresh runtime in the whole application.
```

Author: Add with "you" instead of "your"
